## `ERC1155`






### `constructor(string name_, string symbol_, address _transferProxy)` (public)





### `name() → string` (external)





### `symbol() → string` (external)





### `_setTokenURI(uint256 tokenId, string uri)` (internal)



Internal function to set the token URI for a given token.
Reverts if the token ID does not exist.


### `contractOwner() → address` (public)





### `royaltyFee(uint256 tokenId) → address[], uint256[]` (external)

Get the royalty associated with tokenID.
        @param tokenId     ID of the Token.
        @return        royaltyFee of given ID.



### `getCreator(uint256 tokenId) → address` (external)

Get the creator of given tokenID.
        @param tokenId     ID of the Token.
        @return        creator of given ID.



### `_setTokenURIPrefix(string _tokenURIPrefix)` (internal)



Internal function to set the token URI for all the tokens.


### `tokenURI(uint256 tokenId) → string` (external)



Returns an URI for a given token ID.
Throws if the token ID does not exist. May return an empty string.


### `_exists(uint256 tokenId) → bool` (internal)





### `balanceOf(address account, uint256 tokenId) → uint256` (external)

Get the balance of an account's Tokens.
        @param account  The address of the token holder
        @param tokenId     ID of the Token
        @return        The owner's balance of the Token type requested



### `balanceOfBatch(address[] accounts, uint256[] ids) → uint256[]` (external)

Get the balance of multiple account/token pairs
        @param accounts The addresses of the token holders
        @param ids    ID of the Tokens
        @return        The _owner's balance of the Token types requested (i.e. balance for each (owner, id) pair)



### `setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool approved)` (external)

Enable or disable approval for a third party ("operator") to manage all of the caller's tokens.
        @dev MUST emit the ApprovalForAll event on success.
        @param operator  Address to add to the set of authorized operators
        @param approved  True if the operator is approved, false to revoke approval



### `isApprovedForAll(address account, address operator) → bool` (public)

Queries the approval status of an operator for a given owner.
        @param account     The owner of the Tokens
        @param operator  Address of authorized operator
        @return           True if the operator is approved, false if not



### `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, uint256 amount, bytes data)` (public)

Transfers `_value` amount of an `_id` from the `_from` address to the `_to` address specified (with safety call).
        @dev Caller must be approved to manage the tokens being transferred out of the `_from` account (see "Approval" section of the standard).
        MUST revert if `_to` is the zero address.
        MUST revert if balance of holder for token `_id` is lower than the `_value` sent.
        MUST revert on any other error.
        MUST emit the `TransferSingle` event to reflect the balance change (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
        After the above conditions are met, this function MUST check if `_to` is a smart contract (e.g. code size > 0). If so, it MUST call `onERC1155Received` on `_to` and act appropriately (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
        @param from    Source address
        @param to      Target address
        @param tokenId      ID of the token type
        @param amount   Transfer amount
        @param data    Additional data with no specified format, MUST be sent unaltered in call to `onERC1155Received` on `_to`



### `safeBatchTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256[] tokenIds, uint256[] amounts, bytes data)` (external)

Transfers `_values` amount(s) of `_ids` from the `_from` address to the `_to` address specified (with safety call).
        @dev Caller must be approved to manage the tokens being transferred out of the `_from` account (see "Approval" section of the standard).
        MUST revert if `_to` is the zero address.
        MUST revert if length of `_ids` is not the same as length of `_values`.
        MUST revert if any of the balance(s) of the holder(s) for token(s) in `_ids` is lower than the respective amount(s) in `_values` sent to the recipient.
        MUST revert on any other error.
        MUST emit `TransferSingle` or `TransferBatch` event(s) such that all the balance changes are reflected (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
        Balance changes and events MUST follow the ordering of the arrays (_ids[0]/_values[0] before _ids[1]/_values[1], etc).
        After the above conditions for the transfer(s) in the batch are met, this function MUST check if `_to` is a smart contract (e.g. code size > 0). If so, it MUST call the relevant `ERC1155TokenReceiver` hook(s) on `_to` and act appropriately (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
        @param from    Source address
        @param to      Target address
        @param tokenIds     IDs of each token type (order and length must match _values array)
        @param amounts  Transfer amounts per token type (order and length must match _ids array)
        @param data    Additional data with no specified format, MUST be sent unaltered in call to the `ERC1155TokenReceiver` hook(s) on `_to`



### `mint(address from, string uri, uint256 supply, address[] royaltyAddress, uint256[] _royaltyFee)` (external)





### `_mint(address from, uint256 tokenId, uint256 _supply, string _uri)` (internal)



Internal function to mint a new token.
Reverts if the given token ID already exists.


### `_mintBatch(address to, uint256[] tokenIds, uint256[] amounts, bytes data)` (internal)



version of {_mint}.

Requirements:

- `tokenIds` and `amounts` must have the same length.

### `_burn(address account, uint256 tokenId, uint256 amount)` (internal)



Internal function to burn a specific token.
Reverts if the token does not exist.
Deprecated, use {ERC721-_burn} instead.


### `_burnBatch(address account, uint256[] tokenIds, uint256[] amounts)` (internal)



version of {_burn}.
Requirements:
- `ids` and `amounts` must have the same length.

### `mintAndTransfer(address from, address to, address[] _royaltyAddress, uint256[] _royaltyFee, uint256 _supply, string _tokenURI, uint256 qty, bytes data) → uint256` (external)





### `setRoyaltyFee(uint256 tokenId, address[] _royaltyAddress, uint256[] _royaltyFee) → bool` (internal)





### `_beforeTokenTransfer(address operator, address from, address to, uint256[] tokenIds, uint256[] amounts, bytes data)` (internal)






